Add client_fn argument to start_server (#2303)
adap/flower: doc/source/ref-changelog.md

### What's new?

> - **Client API unification** ([#2303](https://github.com/adap/flower/pull/2303))
> 
>   Flower clients can interchangeably run as standalone processes (i.e. via `start_client`) or in simulation (i.e. via `start_simulation`) without requiring changes to how the client class is defined.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Unify client API** ([#2303](https://github.com/adap/flower/pull/2303))

  Using the `client_fn`, Flower clients can interchangeably run as standalone processes (i.e. via `start_client`) or in simulation (i.e. via `start_simulation`) without requiring changes to how the client class is defined and instantiated.
```
